Document JSON schema type casting logic (#237)
snowplow/documentation: docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/loaders-storage-targets/snowplow-rdb-loader/index.md

Each step is handled by a dedicated application: `transformer` or `loader`. To load Snowplow data with RDB Loader, you'll need to run one of each.

> Type reference for our loaders could be found [here](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/json-schema-type-casting-rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Schemas in Redshift, Snowflake and Databricks

For more information on how events are stored in the warehouse, check the [mapping between Snowplow schemas and the corresponding warehouse column types](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/json-schema-type-casting-rules/index.md).

:::
```
